That is.
Don't I want to take the college entrance examination?
And I didn't study English.
I almost forgot the pinyin.
The teacher sent me a copy of the previous test paper
As a gift
Mock exams as a gift
Thank you for thinking
Okay, time's up. Let's see.
Hey, let's take a look
Language 71 points
mathematics
24 minutes
Politics 58 points
History 69 points
Geography 55 points
This English is 12 points
Last year, more than 5.7 million candidates took the exam
Admitted 273,000 people
Your level is really grandma
I will definitely not disappoint the teacher.
I will work hard. Okay.
Since you have this determination
I will do my best to teach you well, old man
Thank you teacher
Ok uh
You are tired too
Come back after work tomorrow
Uh, I'll help you.
Make a review plan
girl
You specially warmed the food for the brat, don't forget?
Thank you.
You brought this newspaper with you
Oops, Chen Gan gave it to him.
Forgot to put it away
Let Rong Zhaonan know that Chen Qian is mentioning his fiancée
Will it be bad?
I read it carefully several times when you answered the question just now.
feel
Huaxia
There's going to be a sea change coming soon
What does Mr. Tang say?
Why are you pretending to be confused?
Not two days ago.
Did the senior leaders come down to check your work?
Don't talk nonsense
No wonder I just asked you about your future
Your words are flashing and hiding